[ENHANCEMENT] CLI cmd login can use a token (#1484)
perses/perses: docs/cli.md

The only parameter required to use this command is the URL to the API.

```bash
$ percli login https://demo.perses.dev
```

Depending on the server configuration, you will certainly have to provide a token or a user/password.

- `--token` can be used to set a Bearer JWT token
- `--username` and `--password` can be used to set a username & password. The command will contact the Perses server

>   with the credential. It will return a Bearer JWT token which expires in 1h

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  with the credential(s). It will return a Bearer JWT token which expires after 1h.
```
